Docs: add tooltips shared content (#86553)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/shared/visualizations/tooltip-options-1.md

- **Hidden -** Do not display the tooltip when you interact with the visualization.

Use an override to hide individual series from the tooltip.

### Values sort order

When you set the **Tooltip mode** to **All**, the **Values sort order** option is displayed. This option controls the order in which values are listed in a tooltip. Choose from the following:

- **None** - Grafana automatically sorts the values displayed in a tooltip.

> - **Ascending** - Values in the tooltip are listed from smallest to largest.

Reviewer: `from smallest to largest` - is there a better/broader word we could use here? Feels (to me) like we're just referring to numbers (we can also sort strings). But no strong opinion 😁

> - **Ascending** - Values in the tooltip are listed from smallest to largest.

Author: What about this?
```suggestion
- **Ascending** - Values in the tooltip are listed from lowest to highest.
```

Reviewer: Yes!
